Do not remove floppy disks or CD-ROMs from their drives while Executor
is running unless you have clicked on an "Eject" button and Executor
has told you that it's OK to remove it.  Changing removable media
behind Executor's back will cause Executor to crash, just like pushing
a paper-clip into a Macintosh floppy drive and changing floppies
without the Macintosh knowing will cause a Macintosh to crash.

Use the "Alt" key on the left side of your keyboard as a Macintosh
command key.

Use the "Alt" key on the right side of your keyboard as a Macintosh
option key.

If a program claims that it needs System 7 to run, use Cmd-Shift-5 to
bring up the preferences panel.  You can then alter which version of
the System Executor emulates.  More details are available on pages 19
and 23 of the Executor 2 manual.

When using the Windows or Linux version of Netscape, make sure you
hold down the shift key whenever you click on a link to retrieve
Macintosh software.  If you don't hold the shift key down, Netscape
will try to help you out by converting the file as it brings it
across.  However, this conversion makes the resultant file unusable by
Executor.  Holding down the shift key tells Netscape to bypass the
conversion process.

Cmd-Shift-3 causes Executor to create a TIFF screen dump.

These tips are stored in the text file /usr/local/lib/executor/tips.txt.
You can use a text editor to delete tips that you've already memorized.

After purchasing Executor, send your registration card in.  That will
entitle you to discounts on future major upgrades to Executor (minor
upgrades are available for free).

ARDI's web site is <http://www.ardi.com/>.  Experimental versions of
Executor are made available there periodically.

ARDI offers services to makers of Mac-only software that allows them to
bundle an application-specific version of Executor with their
software.  This is a convenient way to allow them to sell their
software to clients who only have PCs.

If you would like fewer choices in the "Page Setup..." dialog box, you
can edit the file printers.ini to remove entries that correspond to printers
that you don't have.
