		    INSTALLATION UNDER WINDOWS 3.X

1.) Insert the Executor CD in the CD-ROM drive, either before or after
you start Windows.

2.) Choose Run from the File menu.  Type

	D:\install.exe

at the prompt (assuming that your CD-ROM drive is your D:\ drive), and
click OK or press Return.

3.) The installer will bring up a short menu of choices.  Press 2 to
install in the default C:\EXECUTOR, or 1 to change the destination
directory.

4.) Installation will begin.  After it has finished, you will be
returned to the Windows desktop.  

5.) Because Executor is native to DOS, it does not automatically
create its own Windows icon.  To create an icon for it, open the
program group where you would like to put Executor (the Accessories
group is a common choice).  

6.) Choose New from the File menu.  Choose Program Item (unless you
want to give Executor its own separate group, in which case you should
choose Program Group first).

7.) Enter this information in the first three fields:

	Executor 
	(for Program Description)

	executor 
	(for Command Line)

	C:\EXECUTOR
	(for Working Directory, unless you changed it during installation)

Leave "none" in the fourth field.  Click OK or press Enter to accept
Windows' default icon, or click Change Icon to choose your own icon
and then click OK.  If you ever want to change these settings, you can
do so by selecting the Executor icon and choosing Properties from the
File menu.



		   CONFIGURATION UNDER WINDOWS 3.X

Executor should be run in 386-enhanced mode with virtual memory turned
on.  This should be the default if you have a 386 or better.  To
double-check, open the Control Panel from the Main program group and
double-click on the 386-Enhanced icon.  This will display several
settings and buttons, including a button to show your virtual memory
settings.

Executor requires a mouse and a mouse driver.  Many people assume that
they have a mouse driver because their mouse functions under Windows,
but actually Windows has a built-in mouse driver.  You will need a DOS
mouse driver loaded and installed in DOS in order to run Executor.

For most people, Executor will work fine without any additional
configuration.  If something strange happens, or if you want to run
Executor with command line switches (see "Command Line Switches" in
the minimanual), then you may want to create a Program Information
File with the Windows PIF Editor.

The PIF Editor is found in the Main program group.  Double-click to
start it, and enter the following information in the fields:

	EXECUTOR.EXE
	(for Program Filename)

	Executor
	(for Window Title)

	(leave Optional Parameters blank for now)

	C:\EXECUTOR
	(for Start-up Directory, unless you changed it during installation)


Save the file as "EXECUTOR.PIF".  Then, change the properties of your
Executor icon (as above) to point it to EXECUTOR.PIF instead of
C:\EXECUTOR\EXECUTOR.EXE.

Often, creating a PIF is all that's needed to get a DOS-native program
running under Windows.  If you still have trouble, then you can adjust
the PIF further.

You may want to add some command line switches to the Optional
Paramenters line.  See the problems.txt file for advice on which
switches to use for troubleshooting, or type "executor -help | more"
at a C:\EXECUTOR> prompt to get a complete list of switches with a
brief description of each.  You may also want to un-check the PIF's
"Close Window on Exit" box, so that any error messages Executor may be
giving you will be retained on the screen.
