		    INSTALLATION UNDER WINDOWS '95

1.) Start your computer and insert the Executor CD in the CD-ROM
drive.

2.) Run the installation program.  You can do this from a DOS prompt
by typing

	D:\install

(assuming that your CD-ROM drive is your D: drive), or you can do it
from within Windows '95:

	Click the Start button, point to Settings, and click Control
	Panel on the Settings menu which pops up.  Double-click on
	Add/Remove Programs.  Click the Install button.

	Click Next to have Windows '95 detect the installation program
	automatically.  If it correctly detects INSTALL.EXE on the CD,
	then click Finish to have Windows '95 run the installer for
	you.

3.) Change the destination directory for installation if you do not
want to install in C:\EXECUTOR.  Press the number 2 when you are ready
to begin the installation.



		   CONFIGURATION UNDER WINDOWS '95


CD-ROM DRIVE

If you want to use Macintosh CDs with Executor, you'll need to make
what might be a minor adjustment to the way Windows '95 treats CDs.
If it's present, find and remove the

rem - By Windows 95 Setup

portion from the mscdex line in your AUTOEXEC.BAT file.  You will also
need to edit your CONFIG.SYS file and make sure the CD-ROM driver is
also not commented out.

If this works, this will tell Windows '95 to use the Microsoft CD-ROM
Extensions -- the standward way to perceive CDs -- instead of the
unique Windows '95 way.

If you can't find a "rem - By Windows 95 Setup" command, or if you're
having trouble modifying your CONFIG.SYS file to load your CD-ROM
driver, please read the file "CDINFO.TXT" that is installed in your
Executor directory when Executor is installed.  It explains the nature
of the problem and gives you more information on how you might be able
to solve it.


SYSTEM SETTINGS

To examine the system settings, right-click on the Executor icon and
then select properties.  Windows '95 will usually select the correct
settings for your system automatically, but if you're having any
trouble then you may want to try adjusting them by hand.


The Memory tab;

Conventional Memory-Auto
Initial Environment-Auto
Expanded(EMS)memory-None
Extended(XMS)memory-None
MS-DOS protected-mode(DPMI)memory-12288

Normally, the DPMI setting would be left on Auto as well.  You will
only want to change it if you are having any trouble with memory.  Try
running

executor -info

from a DOS prompt to see how much free DPMI Executor is detecting.  If
it isn't 2/3 (or more) of your total RAM, then Windows '95 may not be
assigning enough DPMI automatically.

12288 is a safe DPMI setting for a computer with 16 MB RAM or more.
If you have less, the DPMI setting should probably be less as well.
6144 would be a good setting for a computer with 8 MB RAM.


The Misc tab:

Disable Allow screen saver if you have problems with Executor
freezing.  Also set Idle sensitivity all the way to Low.


The Screen tab:

Set Executor to run Full-screen if Executor starts minimized.  Because
it is a DOS-native program, Executor cannot be run in a window.
Windows '95 should maximize Executor automatically, but if it fails
then turning on Full-screen should fix the problem.


The Program tab:

Close on Exit should be selected normally, so that you don't have to
close the window by hand after you're finished using Executor.  If you
are having any problems, you may want to deselect this so that
Executor's DOS window remains visible after Executor itself has
exited.  Then you'll be able to see any error messages which Executor
may be printing upon exit.
