Executor 2 can read Mac formatted CD-ROMs, but it needs a way to read
raw CD-ROM sectors to do so.

If your computer has a SCSI CD-ROM and you have ASPI drivers
installed, Executor should be able to use them to read Mac formatted
CD-ROMs.

If not, Executor needs to use the 16-bit version of the Microsoft
CD-ROM Extensions to read raw CD-ROM extensions.  That means that if
you're running Windows 3.x, you'll need to install MSCDEX.

If you're running Windows '95, you'll need to adjust your
configuration so that you use the 16-bit version of MSCDEX (at least
when you're running Executor), instead of the 32-bit version.

The easiest way to configure your system is to have a Windows Guru do
it for you.  If you explain that Executor/DOS needs ASPI drivers or
the old version of MSCDEX, a knowledgeable Windows person can probably
examine your system and make the mods to your config.sys and
autoexec.bat to do the right thing.

If you don't have someone you can lean on, you may be able to get
technical support from wherever you purchased your PC, or if that
doesn't help, the company that made your CD-ROM drive may be able to
help you out.

The problem is that installing the old version of MSCDEX is a
different process on different types of machines.  For instance, on
our Micron Millennia Transport laptop, we needed to add this line to
C:\CONFIG.SYS

DEVICE=C:\CDROM\SJCDAPI.SYS /D:MSCD000

and then we needed to add this line to C:\AUTOEXEC.BAT

MSCDEX.EXE /D:MSCD000 /M:40 /L:E

The first line is responsible for loading the 16-bit CD-ROM driver,
and that's the line that varies from system to system.  The problem is
that you need to know where your 16-bit CD-ROM driver is, and
sometimes it can be hard to find.  The "/D:MSCD000" portion of the
DEVICE line tells DOS/Windows that the device driver will be known as
"MSCD000".

The second line actually loads MSCDEX, and says to look for the device
driver "MSCD000", which we installed via the first line.  The "/M:40"
portion of the line asks DOS/Windows to buffer 40 blocks, and the
"/L:E" portion tells DOS/Windows that we want the device to be logical
disk "E:".  In general, you can use the exact same MSCDEX line in your
autoexec.bat as we have above, as long as you have the right 16-bit
CD-ROM driver loaded in your config.sys file.

NOTE: Even with those two lines added, we have to reboot our Micron
Millennia Transport into MS-DOS mode before Executor can access Mac
formatted CD-ROMs.  You may also experience this restriction.

This configuration problem will go away once Executor has been
rewritten to be a Win32 program instead of a DOS program.

If Executor 2 is telling you to read this file, and you'd prefer that
it stop telling you about it, you can rename this file and Executor
will stop.
